hey guys welcome to what seems to be the
last episode of say one on battlefield 3
we should have battlefield 4 from here
on so I hope you guys enjoy this one
talk to you guys later you gotta go for
closets time yep glossy but when for
support and for the primary weapon say
what wait l86 a dose yeah that's rather
well I special so for the sexy wet when
reflex mmm alright for the next 17 white
pepper after last we'll see what what no
secondary okay pistol seven right 44
Magnum
I forget it 2-0 when labours your
favorite really I mean oh man really all
right I'm just gonna spawn in and chop
down some flavors Oh now we need the
everywhere where do we need which
perfect we need to like put onto
claymores explosives or I fuckin a dog
so a little bit up there's somebody
behind a small here teammate Canada's
run shred whoa recoil okay I was not
expecting that ah I don't we get okay I
thought oh we get 70 kill assists
display the FISA short break the chest
with a magnum oh you're you're the one
with the Magnum oh I don't know I show
like two shots but secondly i only got
one Shaw
mom peek oh he died I was by potted man
i was using this thing and everything
people actually like moon if you don't
use like the bipod stuff hey Alice my
father for good for me cuz it yeah why
the hell would I just buy caught up for
no reason but yeah maybe this great
watch we're sitting on a dull exist my
god i hear spawn beacon I just killed
one okay there may be
bhaskar she died so much quicker than
that oh god I'm strategically by Potter
right now haha he was dead when I was
gonna walk here another dog oh no no no
no Wow snipers hit me right in the neck
but I know he really really know it
sounded close to the head ah I'm just
gonna run round the safe there like a
walk trick one albeit of both died whoa
I think I'm mind just exploded not a
minor Claymore how dare they were tryna
one right here how oh my god I gotta
claim we kill I got it the freshman ever
down what oh my god where did you go and
where we spawn just randomly alright so
what's pod that it just exploded that
would be the worst thing ever read oh
man I was awesome
come on get get get inside the stupid
Wow one is the building behind this one
the building behind us there he is all
right maggots one upstairs in the
building I just know there is oh crap I
didn't expect them to be ready under
stairs like that as far back is my
Claymore still off after I died
oh no keep the dead Oh delegate I was it
okay hey where's the guy well you
brought the explosion thing oh no
somebody else did always a bit wiser
yeah because I we can put out to claim
ours too much sweet what the hell
there we go yeah you're laughs mmm thank
you but I'm still gonna shove from
somewhere and I'm not yeah yeah right
here I'm running out the back I got the
guy here with us a guy upstairs all
right you go first yeah you'll be Ralph
itself you raise it I here at silent
snipers up meet sue crazy value shit for
upstairs and show tada there's a guy
here by the green no I thought outside
ok I got him you get the silence saskia
so no I don't know either may actually
be one of our guys on top of the yes I
wasn't mad at me okay yeah yeah I would
go like a teammate up on the train oh
man i'm stuck in the not a good position
no again it just sounded really really
close to so it's like it must be an
enemy because there are way up there
no night does it work oh crap let's get
going right up ooh man I'm getting like
okay I'm clearing this area okay I
flavor as well enough so many people on
you oh wait oh yeah get him and kills
this is this is not something all right
whoa I'm out of ammo hum i got my god i
just saved you so much yeah how's that
out of Emma I'm a support this doesn't
happen no you prabhat 5i will grace
there so are you good okay uh I think we
only need like one more kill ethic and
GG I think I died once this whole time
good I think so yeah look at that he
beat me done quite well ladies and
gentlemen because of enjoy this is
always feedback is welcome this was a
whole episode I don't think I've ever
posted a whole episode without editing
down so this was like unedited 100% raw
footage and it was kind of shorts i
decide to like post whole thing for the
last episode if you guys enjoyed it
leave some stuff we're gonna do this in
battlefield 4 if you want to see big
mother zip so good and click on the
annotation link in description below and
I'll see you guys later bye bye bye